tttJust as those words creeped into Kaito’s mind, Elisabeth snapped her fingers. Afraid that she’d seen through his thoughts, he braced himself for the Iron Chair to appear.

tttA chessboard made of red light glowed before him, no doubt magically conjured by Elisabeth. Seeing Kaito’s eyes widen in surprise, Elisabeth spoke.

ttt“It seems you’re not entirely useless. In light of this, I shall impart unto you some information about your current situation.”

tttElisabeth waved a pale hand. The chessboard began spinning toward Kaito. As he leaned back, the board stopped, and her voice adopted a singsong tone.

ttt“Rejoice, for knowledge is power. ’Tis the fate of ants and the ignorant to have their lives played with. ’Tis by obtaining knowledge that men surpass insects and become beasts, then become humans, and at times surpass even God.”

tttTwo large pieces appeared above the chessboard, one black, the other white. Both were adorned with wings. As they floated, Elisabeth pointed at them.

ttt“In this world, God and Diablo are both very real. They exist in a higher realm, where human eyes cannot reach, but their existence has been proved by theologists, scholars, and mages. Of course, God and Diablo are no more than names we assigned them for the sake of convenience. We call the entity who created the world ‘God’ and that which destroys it ‘Diablo.’ Hence Diablo can only interfere with the world of man once God has abandoned it. But there is an exception. If Diablo has a contractor, all bets are off.”

ttt“A contractor?”

ttt“Those who use their bodies as intermediaries to summon Diablo into our dimension, where it cannot normally exist, and form a contract with it. Diablo then fuses with them and corrupts their form, but in return they obtain power they can use as they wish. But summoning Diablo, who possesses enough power to destroy the entire world, is no small feat, and there is no one vessel that can contain it, so it has yet to manifest. However, even its fragments possess great power, and those exist in our world today.”

tttThe black piece shattered and began raining down upon the chessboard. It then changed into fourteen pieces, all lined up. Amid the crowd of pieces shaped like beasts and men, one wore a crown and was bound by chains.

ttt“Fourteen people have formed contracts with fourteen demons. They are ranked—the Knight, the Governor, the Grand Governor, the Earl, the Grand Earl, the Duke, the Grand Duke, the Marquis, the Grand Marquis, the Monarch, the Grand Monarch, the King, the Grand King, and the Kaiser—and when people say ‘demon,’ they refer to these fourteen as well as their contractors. There are also their servants: those who pledge allegiance to them in exchange for a portion of their power.”

tttIn front of the fourteen strange-looking pieces now stood a row of pawns. As the fourteen placed their hands on the pawns’ foreheads, the pawns, too, transformed into hideous monsters. Elisabeth grabbed one of them.

ttt“The skinless knight you saw was a servant of the Knight. Calling them ‘demon’s contractor’s servants’ is a mouthful, so we call them ‘underlings.’”

tttElisabeth placed the piece back on the board. The fourteen pieces and the grotesque pawns began marching.

ttt“Demons derive their power from the lamentations of God’s creations—especially from the suffering of humans. As such, the demons and their followers are responsible for no small number of disasters.”

tttAll at once, the chess pieces opened their mouths, which were filled with ugly, misshapen teeth. As a new row of pawns materialized, the pieces ran them down and consumed them. Elisabeth snapped her fingers. A piece shaped like a woman appeared on the board.

ttt“The Church—a religious organization that worships an image of God that mankind once relied upon, a framework that guides people in accordance with God’s will, and an institution created to preserve our world’s long peace—has tasked me with hunting the thirteen demons excluding the Kaiser, who has already been captured. At the moment, my foe is the Knight.”

tttKaito watched as a piece astride a horse advanced in front of the rest. The twisted suit of armor atop a red piece charged toward him. The female piece turned to face it, wielding a glowing red sword.

ttt“The Knight is the weakest of the fourteen. Yet, to a normal person, he would seem like a nightmare made flesh.”

tttAs she was speaking, the floor shook. Before the sword could reach the Knight, the board and pieces vanished.

tttThud. Thud. The castle shook once more. Elisabeth rose to her feet, ever graceful. She ignored the baffled Kaito in her advance, her dress swaying with every step. Flustered, Kaito followed after her.

tttElisabeth left the dining room and continued down the corridor. When she reached the door to the throne room, she cast it wide open.

tttThe stench of blood and flesh hit them like a truck.

tttThey could hear the barbaric sound of something gorging itself on meat.

tttend