ttt“I mentioned it before, but this is a demon’s doing.”

tttBeside Kaito, who had lost the will to speak, Elisabeth whispered.

tttShe stepped forward, then turned to face him, the fire at her back and her black hair dancing against the blazing breeze.

ttt“Demons draw their power from the suffering of men, from the discord in their souls that suffering brings. This is the result. The methods used here are…cute, I suppose. Even now, much darker horrors are being produced elsewhere.”

tttKaito was taken aback by her words. He was used to pain and suffering. He was all too familiar with fear and with the unbelievable tragedies that occasionally befell people. But there was no way he could be okay with a spectacle as ghastly as this, with people being killed in a manner that lacked mercy or meaning.

ttt“You call this cute? Quit screwing with me! No matter how you look at it, this is Hell!”

ttt“Even Hell has its layers. And this is a shallow one. As far as I’m concerned, this might as well be a field of flowers. Demons give birth to much crueler tragedies than this… ’Tis why the Church left dealing with pigs like them to a sow such as myself.”

ttt“ELISABEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETH!”

tttShe was cut off by a furious scream. At that signal, a group of villagers emerged from behind a half-caved-in animal pen. The nervous men, clothes stained with soot, brandished farming implements as they surrounded Kaito and Elisabeth.

tttAn armored knight atop a horse strode up beside them.

tttKaito froze when he saw him.

tttHowever, the knight appeared to be a legitimate member of this world’s armed forces. He wore a plumed helmet, and his horse and silver armor were adorned with a coat of arms in the shape of a lily.

tttThere was a metallic schwing as the knight unsheathed his sword. Elisabeth sighed.

ttt“Well, if it isn’t a Royal Knight. I strung up those useless colossi, so what business have you with me?”

ttt“Don’t play dumb with me! I was dispatched to this village from the Capital, and I’ve been keeping an eye on you up in your castle. But now you finally show your true nature! I’ve known what you were all along. This horrible affair, all of it is your doing!”

ttt“Are you dull? You gaze upon the Knight’s work. Then again, I suppose those who’ve not witnessed it firsthand may have difficulty understanding it as such. Regardless, take care not to foist your incompetence on my shoulders. The Church has tasked me with hunting demons. I am not in a position to kill humans…for now.”

ttt“Silence your lying tongue! Who would believe such a tale?!”

tttThe knight’s voice grew harsh, and Kaito cringed. The knight pointed his sword at Elisabeth and spoke, his voice quivering with rage.

ttt“Don’t think that I’ve forgotten what you’ve done.”

tttElisabeth simply stood there, her face the picture of apathy, and made no attempt to refute the accusation. Her demeanor caused the knight to lose what little patience he had left. He fired off a frenzied account of her past deeds.

ttt“You tortured the entire population of your fiefdom! You dismembered their bodies, ripped out their still-beating hearts, stitched every orifice in their bodies shut, carved into their bones, melted their flesh, gouged out their eyes, severed their tongues, and when you ran out of ideas, you killed parents and children, the elderly, and men and women alike! In the end, your sins reached even the nobles! Torture Princess! Elisabeth Le Fanu! Who would believe anything that came out of your filthy mouth?!”

tttHearing those words, Kaito was reminded of the reality that had been thrust before his eyes a few days prior.

tttHe recalled the scene he had witnessed as he died. He recalled the mountain of corpses, each without so much as a shred of human dignity. He recalled the bloodlust of the angry horde and the smile of the restrained girl.

tttElisabeth was smiling even now, listening to the knight’s tirade as one might listen to a small bird chirping.

ttt“And I certainly haven’t forgotten what I saw you do to my fellow knights at the Plain of Skewers! Do you have any idea how many sleepless nights I endured in the Kingdom after surviving that?”

tttThe knight’s sword hand trembled. However, he suddenly stopped talking and looked at Kaito. His armor clanged as he spoke to Kaito in a voice filled with confusion and sympathy.

ttt“Why do you stand with such a demoness? I’d heard that Elisabeth was looking for a servant, but if she’s holding you against your will, you can come to me. I’ll protect you.”

tttKaito turned to look at Elisabeth. She crossed her arms and remained silent.

tttIt was true that Kaito had been brought back to life against his will and made to serve her. And he’d personally witnessed her cruel deeds. In truth, he would like nothing more than to live a simple life of peace in this strange new world. Now was his chance to get away. But just as he was about to step forward, Kaito stopped.

ttt“Come on, then. Hurry.”

ttt“Your offer sounds like a dream come true, but can I ask you a question first?”

ttt“What is it?”

ttt“Why do you look at me with the eyes of someone who’s just found their next meal?”

tttend