tttAfter this question, an uncomfortable silence descended among them. The men, still clutching their farming implements, turned toward the knight. Some of them looked worried now. But the knight said nothing. Looking straight at the knight, Kaito continued.

ttt“Back when I was alive, I met plenty of guys who would actually pass up a warm meal if it meant getting to beat up a kid. And you’ve got the same look in your eyes that they all did.”

tttHe received no answer. But beside Kaito, Elisabeth’s shoulders began trembling. She broke out into laughter. She looked truly bizarre, her body twisting as she clutched her sides in amusement.

ttt“Of course, of course. It makes perfect sense. Ah, but I didn’t expect you to be a member of the Knight Corps. How laughable—say, would you allow me one question, proud sir?”

tttHer laugh was sweet. Some might even say it was innocent.

tttHer crimson eyes glittering with glee, she spoke in a soft, gentle voice.

ttt“I slaughtered those five hundred men upon the Plain of Skewers. I slew them, annihilated them, exterminated them. And I certainly don’t recall allowing a single one to escape.”

tttHer smile vanished. Her eyes were full of contempt, and her question came in a voice as cold as ice.

ttt“So why are you still alive?”

tttAt that moment, the heads of the men wielding farm implements were blown off. The heads fell to the ground, their lips half-open in surprise. Swarms of flies poured out of their gaping neck holes. The flies then set to work dragging the bodies together with their tiny legs. They gnawed through flesh with their tiny mouths, binding the bodies’ skin together with mucus and crafting a miniature version of the creature Kaito had seen from the castle.

tttKaito stepped back, the bizarre spectacle once again robbing him of his breath. At the same time, the knight’s entire body was wreathed in sapphire flames. His horse’s skin paled under the light of the brilliant-blue blaze, and the rider himself swelled in size. In order to accommodate its wearer’s unnatural growth, the rider’s armor inflated like a water balloon. Long gray hair and a beard spilled out from the openings in the enlarged armor. The knight had grown old and hideous.

tttIn the face of the imposing, demonic Knight, Elisabeth clicked her tongue, ever fearless.

ttt“I know not if you were trying to lower my guard or simply consume my servant before my eyes, but in either case, you are a fool. If you had intended to transform all along, you could have done so from the beginning and spared us the childish farce. Your experience contracting with a demon and surviving the Plain of Skewers has taught you nothing, it seems.”

tttElisabeth heaved a sigh, then nodded in satisfaction.

ttt“But perhaps that is why you failed to merge with any but the lowest rank, the Knight.”

tttend