tttThe Knight let out a furious roar. His pale horse broke into a sprint at a speed much faster than even that of his skinless underling. Fire and lightning billowed forth from around the Knight. He grabbed the blue lightning in his hand and transformed it into a massive lance, then he charged at Elisabeth.

tttShe didn’t dodge the blow, and the lance ran her through.

tttKaito stifled a scream. The massive weapon gave off a thrumming noise as it speared through Elisabeth’s chest. Red blood began dripping from the wound it made. The Knight then jerked the lance free and sent Elisabeth tumbling to the ground.

tttA memory flashed through Kaito’s mind.

tttIt was a recollection of himself, battered and thrown against the wall, then collapsing to the floor like garbage.

ttt“Elisabe—”

tttKaito ran toward her, then stopped. She was laughing. She twisted her stomach as she sat in a pool of her own blood and laughed, as if it was all so funny that she just couldn’t help herself.

ttt“Heh-heh, ha-ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, ahhh—ha-ha-ha-haha…ha.”

tttShe grimaced in pain and rose to her feet. Kaito could see clear through the cavity in her chest. Some of her entrails sagged from the hole, but she simply wrapped the loose ends around her arm and wrenched them all the way out. Bleeding profusely now, she cast her guts aside.

ttt“I see… So damage of this magnitude is about as mild as an itch. A far cry from having one’s soul set ablaze. Now then, pay close attention. This is what true agony feels like.”

tttElisabeth lifted a hand in the air. A great cloud of darkness and scarlet flower petals spiraled around it. They then mantled her body, masking the hole with fresh black cloth. She grabbed something from within the huge spiral of crimson and shadow.

ttt“Rejoice, half-wit. I draw this blade for thee.”

tttShe drew out a long sword. Its blade was bloodred, and it flickered with a sinister glint.
	
ttt“Executioner’s Sword of Frankenthal!”

tttShe spoke its name, and the runes etched onto the sword sparked to life. As the light reached Kaito’s eyes, he could feel the meanings of the runes forcing their way into his brain until the complete phrase made perfect sense.

tttYou are free to act as you will. But pray that God shall be your salvation. For the beginning, the middle, and the end all lie in the palm of His hand.

ttt“Come, let us enjoy ourselves to the fullest!”

tttElisabeth swung the sword through empty space, as if she was tracing both her foes’ arms. Silver chains flew through the air in tune with her slashes, wrapping around the Knight’s forearms and wrenching him from his mount. He hung in the air, helpless to resist. A moment later, he snapped his fingers, and the beast drew up from behind Elisabeth. Without turning, she swung her blade again.

tttChains wrapped around the beast, binding it firmly. There was a loud ripping noise as flesh was torn asunder. The shackles twined around its collapsing form and reinforced it as it took on the shape of a horse. They wrapped around the pale horse as well, acting as a pair of reins.

tttElisabeth raised her blade to the heavens, and the tips of the infinite chains rattled as they spiraled toward the Knight. Once they were finished, the Knight’s arms and legs were bound, and at the opposite ends of those tethers stood four horses, his own included. He called his steed, but the horse paid him no mind.

ttt“Now, then…let’s see how you like being Drawn and Quartered.”

tttShe swung her sword, and the horses set off in unison.

tttThe Knight’s limbs screeched, and his joints made popping noises as they were pulled out of place. His flesh, stretched to its limit, began to tear. Blood poured from the gaps in his armor. But the horses did not stop. The Knight cried out in pain and rage.

ttt“ELISABEEEEEEETH! ELISABEEEEEEETH!”

tttHis voice was brimming with agony and hatred.

tttThe Knight drew near Elisabeth. Kaito, too, approached her from behind, then he gasped. The eyes beneath the helmet were human once more. They were different from when they’d been focused on Kaito and were now the purest blue. They glared at Elisabeth.

tttThe Knight’s contractor was quite young.

tttLooking down at the man’s noble eyes, Elisabeth murmured tenderly.

ttt“A survivor of the Plain of Skewers, hmm? It must have been painful. No doubt you detest me.”

ttt“ELISA… ELISABEEETH…”

ttt“…My apologies, good sir. But the cries of a demon are as unpleasant as the squeals of a swine.”

tttThere was venom in her smile. The Knight roared, a sound rich with malice and bloodlust.

ttt“ELISABEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETH!”

tttThe next moment, with the sound of meat being shredded, the Knight’s limbs were ripped from his torso. The appendages bounced along the ground as they traveled, still tied to the horses. The fissure ran all the way up his abdomen, and his organs came spilling out in a gentle cascade. Beneath the helmet, the Knight vomited mouthful after mouthful of blood before breathing his last. Then his body erupted into silent blue flames.

ttt“Let us return home. That purin of yours was delectable but made for poor sustenance. I’m famished.”

tttHer sword transformed into a cloud of crimson petals, and Elisabeth walked off. Kaito couldn’t help but stare. He thought back to the scene he’d witnessed when he was first summoned. That and the Knight’s accusation. If he pried too deeply, he would invite nothing but pain. Still, he had to know.

ttt“Hey, is everything he said true? Did you torture and kill all your subjects, then turn on the nobles?”

ttt“Yes indeed. He spoke no falsehoods nor held any misunderstandings. Understand who it is you serve. I am the Torture Princess, Elisabeth Le Fanu. I have caused more pain and death than any before me. I was apprehended by the Church. And I am now tasked with slaughtering thirteen demons.”

tttShe answered without an ounce of hesitation. She was as ruthless and tactless as a demon, perhaps even more so. Recalling her feline smile from when she’d eaten the purin, Kaito almost felt betrayed. She was someone who hurt people, someone who took from others, and he made no effort to conceal the displeasure on his face. But Elisabeth followed her confession of guilt with something wholly unexpected.

ttt“And once I’ve executed them all, I, too, shall be put to the stake.”

tttHer statement was resolute. Kaito’s eyes widened. Elisabeth stared straight back at him, her crimson eyes as clear as rubies. Her calm countenance gave no sign that she was lying.

tttA line from earlier echoed in Kaito’s mind.

tttUntil the day of your death, try to do some good at least.

tttSo that’s it. Kaito remained silent, perplexed, unsure of how to react to this revelation. Elisabeth paid Kaito a “humph” as she stepped onto the center of the teleportation circle.

ttt“Once we return, do something about dinner. If you can prepare sweets of that caliber, surely you can craft a proper meal. And if you fail to make something decent, it’s the Ducking Stool for you.”

tttKaito followed her but stopped for a moment and looked back. The scene painted before him was an unmistakable hellscape. A scream rang out from far off, and the animal pen collapsed. The flames grew stronger yet. Thinking back on the Knight’s bizarre form, he muttered to himself.

ttt“…Twelve more of those, huh?”

tttKaito lined up next to Elisabeth. She clicked her heels.

tttAs the two of them vanished, the Knight’s lance burst into blue flame, crumbled to ash, and scattered on the wind.

tttend