tttThe castle stood atop a desolate hill, surrounded on all sides by dense forest. It was constructed wholly from frigid stone and, as such, resembled a fortress more than it did a castle.

tttIt gave off an oppressive air, and most anyone who spent more than three days inside it would be plagued by nightmares of being crushed by stones. Its corridors were labyrinthine, and if one got lost in them, there was a greater chance of starving to death before finding a way out. It wasn’t built with the comfort of its inhabitants in mind; in fact, it seemed to reject the idea of being inhabited altogether.

tttIts kitchen was no different. The layout was abysmal, and its atmosphere evoked the claustrophobic sense of being locked in a dungeon.

tttNot to mention the nature of the ingredients that had been forced upon him.

tttKaito Sena wore a cotton shirt with rolled-up sleeves and a butcher’s apron. His arms were crossed and he bore a sullen expression. Before him lay a towering mound of organs. The varied bits of flesh were all soft and glistening and gave off a strong, peculiar odor.

tttHe sighed and, with a sharp knife, began cutting the intestines lengthwise. He then removed the white bits from the heart. As he was dressing the vast quantity of meat with sage-like stoicism, the kitchen shook violently. Kaito ignored this, acting as though nothing had happened.

tttEven if the castle was to collapse and his life was to end, it was of little concern to him.

tttHe took the expensive-looking bottle he’d randomly grabbed from the wine cellar, opened it, and poured its contents into a silver fruit bowl. At once, he began dumping the organ meat into the bowl along with some herbs he couldn’t identify.

tttHis face stern, he continued cooking even as the entire castle shook again. Once more, he ignored it. Even if half the castle was blown away, Kaito would still be fine, so he paid no attention to the tremors. His world was at peace. However, a wicked voice rang out and shattered that tranquility.

ttt“Butler! Buuutler!”

tttHis name was in fact Kaito and not Butler. Thus, he decided the voice couldn’t possibly be calling for him. Under that justification, he continued ignoring it, but then the manner in which he was being called changed.

ttt“Kaaaiiito!”

ttt“All right, all right! I’m coming right now, so pipe down!”

tttHis life was at risk if he continued playing deaf. He slammed the liver he was flouring onto the counter, then took off down the corridor. Thanks to the poor excuses for stained-glass clerestory windows, the corridor was less claustrophobic than the kitchen. At the same time, the patterns of light they cast on the floor were ominous enough to be annoying. He ran atop the patterns, climbed a spiral staircase, and finally threw open a massive pair of double doors.

tttend