tttA violent gust of wind blew in Kaito’s face. The throne room, as the name would suggest, was adorned with a magnificent throne atop a pedestal, and the array of antique tapestries served to accentuate the room’s grandeur. However, a quarter of the room had been destroyed, and the pale-blue sky peeked through a huge hole in the wall.

tttIt seemed there was a serious chance that half the castle had been blown away.

tttStanding above the wreckage, an arrogant girl awaited Kaito, her arms folded and her perfectly sculpted legs perched atop the rubble. Her heels clicked as she turned to face him.

tttHer dark hair fluttered around her as she pierced him with her crimson gaze.

tttHer face, a well of inhuman beauty, was punctuated by a smile dripping with unfettered delight. It was truly unpleasant. Her nails were painted black, and they glimmered as she pointed outside. She spoke in a whisper, her voice as sweet as birdsong with the tone of a cat that had just eaten its fill.

ttt“Behold, Kaito.”

tttKaito obeyed and peered through the hole. The bright-blue sky and vivid-green forest would have been picturesque were it not for the sticky red that stained the landscape, accompanied by the stench of rust. The once-beautiful setting was now a sickening sight to behold.

tttA nightmarish hellscape stretched as far as the eye could see. 

tttDozens of iron stakes jutted out of the ground, impaling a strange creature.

tttKaito scrunched up his face as much as he could, but he could still make out the grizzly, bloodied corpses.

ttt“Well, Kaito? Have you any impressions?”

ttt“Impressions…? It’s revolting.”

ttt“A fitting appraisal, truly. What’s more, it lacks the requisite vocabulary and wit to entertain its master. What a boring creature.”

tttThe girl shrugged. The dying beast was a horrifying patchwork of human corpses. It was a bizarre creature, its skin a collage of human faces with their cheeks and scalps melted together and stretched to the absolute limit. Each face joined its voice in a chorus of agony. A row of human arms along its back served as a mane, and a large number of breasts hung from its fat belly.

tttThe girl laughed at the blasphemous abomination, her voice full of scorn.

ttt“The time has come, Kaito. The Knight has issued a declaration of war. Or would it be more fitting to consider this mere harassment?” 

tttShe seemed quite pleased. Watching her lick her garnet lips, Kaito thought she looked less like a panther or a wolf and more like a ferocious, hungry lion. Suppressing his urge to vomit, he looked away from the beast’s corpse and gave his announcement through a sigh.

ttt“Not that I really care, but food’ll be ready in an hour. Save your fighting or torturing or whatever for later.”

tttThis was the absurd arrangement Kaito Sena had been forced into after he was killed.

tttend