ttt“As you have yet to reply, I shall say it another way. Devote yourself to me.”

ttt“Hard pass.”

tttWhen he registered the blunt demand of the girl who called herself Elisabeth, Kaito immediately refused. Naturally, he was confused at being ordered to do some strange girl’s bidding immediately after he’d been killed. But he was sure of his answer after seeing that disturbing pile of corpses. Then there were the bloodthirsty chants that had been directed at her, plus Elisabeth’s sadistic smile, but most of all, it was that she addressed herself as the “Torture Princess.”

tttHe was afraid he’d made her angry, but for some reason, she nodded as if impressed.

ttt“A prompt decision, I see. Did you perchance stumble across a stray memory or two of mine when you were summoned? Even so, I did not expect such a swift reply.”

ttt“Okay, forget the whole ‘serving you’ thing for a sec. When you say ‘summoned’… Hey wait, where are we? What am I doing here? Didn’t I…die?”

ttt“Yes, without a doubt! You are well and truly dead. Your murder was as meaningless as a worm getting stepped on—a death most pitiful, unseemly, cruel, and gruesome! Yet, I summoned your soul here into a puppet body and granted you new life. A rare blessing, is it not? Go on, then: Rejoice to your heart’s content.”

ttt“…A puppet?”

tttAs he listened to Elisabeth’s bizarre explanation, Kaito patted himself all over. For a puppet, his skin felt surprisingly human. He didn’t have a mirror, so he couldn’t inspect his face, but noting the lack of discrepancies in his field of view, he suspected that his height was more or less the same as it had always been. He plucked out one of his hairs, which he normally kept tied behind his head, but it was the same old pale brown.

tttAs Kaito inspected his body with a dubious expression, Elisabeth spoke again, exasperated.

ttt“Now listen here, you. The body housing your soul is a golem of my own creation. It isn’t one of those lumps of dirt that will die simply from having part of the word on its forehead erased. It is a superlative piece of work, for I am both a master sorcerer and a skilled artisan. It’s thanks to my handiwork that you’re hearing me in the language of your land, too. And the frame is unquestionably robust. It has organs and blood, true, but so long as it remains at least fifty percent intact, you can consider it immortal. Ah well, the blood coursing through your veins has been mixed with my own, so I suppose that if the body bleeds out, your soul will dissipate.”

ttt“But my build, my hair color, all of it’s the same.”

ttt“It seems your idiocy is beyond help. I already spoke of my skill, did I not? Do not lump my masterpiece in with bargain-shop refuse. If you put a soul in a container that differs too greatly from the form of its previous life, the dissonance can cause madness. The body is designed to transform according to the inhabiting soul. It automatically eliminates wounds and disease, but the appearance and build are the same as yours, from the face that reflects your impoverished nature to your gaunt, brittle frame. Feel free to weep at my compassion.”

tttIt was then that Kaito noticed the major change in his body. Looking at his arm, he realized that the scarring and lacerations that had once been etched into it were now gone without a trace. The pain, previously his lifelong companion, had completely vanished.

tttHuh… That’s a surprise. This really isn’t my body after all.

tttend