tttKaito finally accepted it. There was no way this agony-free body could be his. Not being in pain for the first time in a while was certainly pleasant, but at the same time, it made him feel uneasy, like he was a plastic doll or something.

tttAs Kaito cradled his arm in amazement, Elisabeth carried on.

ttt“I summoned a Sinless Soul to use as a servant. The Church would punish me if they found out I invoked anything evil, even if only to use it as a maid, you see. You fit the criteria, as your death was far crueler than your sins in life would warrant, but… Heh, there was some odd resistance during the summoning, but to think that you would hail from another world… I wonder whether pulling you in from a parallel dimension is the height of fortune or misfortune? Ah, I suppose it matters little who you once were. From here on, you need only serve me with wholehearted devotion.”

ttt“Hard pass.”

ttt“Oh-ho.”

tttElisabeth narrowed her crimson eyes, apparently pleased by his response. Her long, slender finger resembled a blade as she raised Kaito’s chin. Licking her lips, she whispered in a voice that was sweet nectar.

ttt“You were killed. Your murder was as meaningless as a worm getting stepped on—a death most pitiful, unseemly, cruel, and gruesome. Even your hollow little brain understands that much, yes? Your death was far crueler than your sins in life would warrant, fulfilling the requirement to become a Sinless Soul, yet you wear the face of a man about to descend into Hell. Even so, you would give up this second life? You would choose to die, crushed like a worm?”

ttt“Oh yeah, for sure. I’ve had enough abuse for one lifetime. I endured and persisted, sure, but surviving isn’t really the same as living. I’m done.”

tttKaito gave his response. Without even needing to think about it, he could say that it had been a terrible life.

tttHe’d attended school for a couple of years. Afterward, he’d been forced to move from place to place and help his father with his illegal work. When that had taken a turn south and his manpower was no longer needed, his father began beating him to let off steam. All in all, it was a sickening way to live. Kaito didn’t even remember what his mother looked like. But he suspected that her brain had been addled by pain and malnutrition, robbing her of the willpower to flee, and eventually she’d been killed much like himself.

tttHe was thankful for his new pain-free body, but he’d be damned if he let himself be used by anyone else again. If his shitty life was prolonged, all that meant was that he would have to endure even more shit.

ttt“I’ve had enough. I’m throwing in the towel. Go find someone else to be your servant.”

ttt“I see. Well, like it or not, I’ll make a butler out of you yet.”

tttOnce again, Kaito’s reply was completely ignored. His frown deepened as Elisabeth shrugged.

ttt“Summoning more servants would result in the Church casting their bothersome gaze my way. And crafting another puppet
would take time. What sense is there in creating more chores for the sake of a servant, whose role it is to do my chores for me? I cannot think of a greater waste of time. At any rate, of—”

tttend