tttSuddenly, there was a roar, and the door behind Elisabeth burst off its hinges.

tttThe way in which the thick, heavy door spun through the air before finally crashing beside her was almost comical. A splinter grazed her cheek, yet she didn’t even turn to look. Kaito’s eyes widened in fear as he gawked at the entrance.

tttThere in the doorway—minus one door—stood a colossal horse and its rider.

tttFor reins, the rider held a sinister thorned chain, and the saddle it was mounted on was made of bone. But strangest of all were the bodies. Neither the horse nor the rider had any skin. They looked like anatomical models, their muscles bare and their bodies lined with blood vessels. With their flesh pink and glistening, they were hideous enough that the mind refused to parse them out of self-preservation.

tttFinally turning toward the entrance, Elisabeth began speaking with an air of leisure.

ttt“At any rate, of the fourteen ranked demons—the Knight, the Governor, the Grand Governor, the Earl, the Grand Earl, the Duke, the Grand Duke, the Marquis, the Grand Marquis, the Monarch, the Grand Monarch, the King, the Grand King, and the Kaiser—leaving out the Kaiser, who’s already been captured, I have thirteen demons and their contractors I need to slaughter.”

tttThe horse let out a whinny, and the rider roared again. Their mouths were simply hollow gaps in their flesh, and from them came the grating noise of a storm passing through a broken wind instrument. As the shriek of hatred rang in his eardrums, Kaito suddenly understood something and was certain of it.

tttDemon was the only fitting word to describe this horrifying creature.

ttt“Hey, what’s up with that guy? Is he the ‘Knight’ you just mentioned?”

ttt“For an imbecile who died a worm’s death, you seem surprisingly calm.”

ttt“As long as my brain isn’t atrophied, I can at least make sound decisions.”

ttt“Well, you were close. That there is a servant of the Knight. He didn’t form a contract with a demon himself but became the underling of one who did. By choice. A weakling, in other words. Both he and the Knight used to be human, though.”

tttListening to Elisabeth’s explanation, Kaito felt his gaze wander over to the horse and rider again. He couldn’t believe that the rider used to be human, nor did he want to. Only a lunatic would willingly become something like that. Guessing Kaito’s thought process from the look on his face, Elisabeth snickered.

ttt“Your reaction is understandable. Quite unsavory, no? Selling one’s soul to a demon and abandoning one’s form, all in the pursuit of inhuman power, is rather pitiful, is it not? You may laugh. I shall allow it. ’Tis his wish, no doubt—after all, buffoonery is buffoonery precisely because it inspires laughter, wouldn’t you agree?”

tttEven as provocation, her words were raw. The rider let out another, more piercing roar. The rage in his voice was so high-pitched that Kaito had to cover his ears for fear of his eardrums rupturing.

tttThe rider yanked the reins and kicked the horse’s flank. The horse accelerated to its top speed in an instant, cracking the stone floor as it charged toward Elisabeth in an attempt to trample her.

ttt“Lowborn dirt. My blade is too good for the likes of you—Iron Maiden.”

tttElisabeth mouthed something and extended her hand. Darkness and bloodred flower petals flowed from her fingertips and swirled through the air. There was a loud gong and then a life-size puppet sprang up from the ground and cut through the darkness.

tttThe puppet, which Elisabeth had called Iron Maiden, looked far kinder than the name would suggest.

tttGolden thread that served as hair hung down its back, and the jewels that adorned its face in place of eyes glittered blue. Its lips curled into a warm, loving smile. As it opened its arms in welcome, the rider bore down upon it, consumed by fury.

tttIt was right when Kaito thought the horse would trample over the Maiden’s kind embrace that it happened.

tttIn concert with the clicking sound of shifting gears, the puppet opened its eyes wide. The blue jewels flipped over, now burning scarlet. Its affection forgotten, its expression turned to hatred, and its stomach opened with a click.

tttA pair of iron arms shot out from the inside, each equipped with long, vicious claws. Scrabbling forth, they swooped down on the horse and its rider, smashing arms and legs with a cold malevolence and mechanical efficiency. The desperate cries of the horse and rider fell on deaf ears as the arms mashed their victims’ extremities into caterpillar-like lumps of flesh.

tttThe horse and rider were unable to put up any sort of resistance, and after being sculpted into a grotesque form resembling a meatball with a head, they were carried into the Maiden’s stomach. As if to symbolize its chastity, its womb was lined with countless needles.

ttt“GYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!”

tttIgnoring the screams of pain, the Maiden’s chest clicked closed.

tttAs its expression became affectionate once more, the Maiden lovingly embraced her belly. The crazed screams coming from inside it begged for release. Just listening to them made Kaito feel like he was going mad, too.

ttt“Once one enters Iron Maiden, death does not come quickly.”

tttElisabeth spoke over the horrifying screams, clearly unbothered. Turning toward Kaito, she offered a suggestive smile.

ttt“If you insist on dying again, then there’s no helping it. I am nothing if not generous, after all, so I will grant your wish. But I will not simply return you to a state of death. If you desire death so badly, you will have it by way of my methods. So. What path will you choose? Will you become my butler, or will you become meat?”

ttt“Butler, please.”

ttt“Well, that was fast.”

tttThat was how Kaito came to serve the Torture Princess.

tttend