tttWhich brings us to the present.

ttt“This! Is! Vile!”

tttIn tandem with this spirited protest, the heart roast with potherb garnish and fruit vinegar sauce Kaito had made went flying through the air, accompanied by plate and fork. A dangerous rain of food and cutlery pelted the antique tablecloth.

tttContinuing her tirade, Elisabeth planted a foot on the table with a stomp.

ttt“Wh-what is this? It’s absolutely repulsive. It looks palatable, yet the meat is undercooked, and it has the texture of rubber. The sauce somehow takes on the organ’s peculiar odor, and the odd sweet and sour flavors create a horrific harmony that lingers on the tongue. It’s almost impressive, in a way.”

ttt“Your description is what’s impressive.”

tttWith dead eyes, Kaito yanked the fork out of the wall it had impaled. He wondered where she found the nerve to give such harsh criticism.

tttA few days had passed since he’d been strong-armed into becoming her butler. Such outbursts had scared him at first, but given that he’d lived his whole life a hairbreadth from death anyway, he quickly got used to it.

tttStill clad in his unflattering butler uniform, Kaito heaved a sigh.

ttt“Like I keep saying, you don’t need to throw it at me. What are you, some abusive husband from the sixties?”

ttt“I know not of any sixty abusive husbands, but food that vile deserves to be thrown! What do you call this?! It is so unpalatable even pig fodder would be preferable! How is it that all your dishes are this vile?!”

ttt“You kept complaining about the odor, so I thought I’d try using wine this time to offset it.”

ttt“…Hold on. Do you mean to tell me that you used my prized wine to create this filth?”

tttKaito decided that silence was golden. Not needing an answer, Elisabeth waved her hand.

tttA chair sprang up beneath Kaito’s feet with a gong. He looked almost like a character in a cartoon as it scooped up his rear, then fastened him in place with belts. When he looked, it was clear that the seat and armrests were lined with holes made for needles, pins, and spikes. Abandoning his cool demeanor, he kicked his legs in a panic.

ttt“Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Let’s talk this over. Think about it. I’ve never cooked anything before, and you’re asking me to cook organs?”

ttt“Save your excuses. As an aside, is that any way to talk to me, the Torture Princess? You have some nerve. Perhaps you’ll have time to reflect on your arrogance as you’re being riddled with holes, hmm?”

ttt“I’m sorry! Look, ever since I got killed, it’s been kind of hard to register feelings like fear or danger! I’m sorry, okay? Can we just skip the torture?”

ttt“Very well. I shall grant you mercy…or so I would like to say, but do you mean to tell me that you only respect me out of fear?”

ttt“Well, uh, that’s not…not true…”

ttt“What, no excuse, then, Kaaaito?”

tttAs he shouted that he wanted to take it back, Kaito’s fate dawned on him. He was going to become a human pincushion. However, Elisabeth seemed to reconsider, and as she snorted, the Iron Chair vanished.

ttt“Very well. In my infinite generosity, I shall grant you one last chance—I demand pudding.”

ttt“…Pudding?”

tttHer comical order was placed with a straight face, and Kaito cocked his head in puzzlement. Elisabeth nodded, then crossed her legs and leaned back in her chair, her face full of conviction.

ttt“I have my doubts as to whether a fool who can’t even cook will be able to handle confectionery, you see. But perhaps you’ll have a knack for sweets. It won’t hurt to try. And if even that is beyond you, then, like anything that does naught but produce trash, you will simply be disposed of.”

ttt“Please don’t talk about disposing of people. It hits a little too close to home. Pudding, right? I think I know what you’re talking about… Though where I’m from, it sounds more like purin.”

ttt“Purin? I know not of this dish, but from the sound of the name, there should at least be a vague similarity, no?”

tttKaito nodded at her half-hearted answer. As a matter of fact, he had strong memories associated with that dish.

tttend