tttLong ago, the woman living with his father at the time had served it for young Kaito. He’d been overjoyed, and she met his glee with a forced smile. The next day, she was gone. Thinking back on it, he realized that it had probably been meant as atonement for leaving him behind and escaping on her own. Even now, the memory of that rare moment of happiness was vivid. And he more or less remembered how she’d made it.

tttHe could re-create it with the ingredients available in the kitchen, but the cookware was lacking. He returned to Elisabeth.

ttt“Hey, Elisabeth. You can make golems out of mud, so do you think you could make an earthenware pot?”

ttt“Is that something you would ask of the person considering disposing of you? What a frightening fellow you are. Very well. What is this ursine-wear pot you speak of?”

tttWith his limited linguistic talents, Kaito tried explaining what an earthenware pot was. Elisabeth snapped her fingers, a perplexed expression on her face. A moment later, soft footsteps echoed through the corridor.

tttThe door to the dining room creaked open. Behind it was a small golem, composed of rectangular lumps of earth. It waved goodbye, then suddenly collapsed, leaving behind a pile of mud.

ttt“Wh—? Hey wait, Elisabeth; what did you just do? Don’t you feel bad for it?”

ttt“Do not pity it. Contrary to what you may think, it possessed no will. Now, a pot, was it?”

tttThe mud squirmed, eventually settling into the shape of a pot. Kaito followed up on his explanation, saying how it needed to be shorter and rounder and how it needed a hole to let out steam. The mud shifted again, and after a period of trial and error, it finally reached a shape Kaito recognized.

ttt“That mud is quite heat tolerant. While I’m still unsure of what you intend to do with it, use it as you please.”

ttt“Thanks. That’s a big help.”

tttTaking great care not to drop it, Kaito returned to the kitchen with the pot. He filled it with water, then added the wheat and put it on the fire. By doing so, he could plug up the fine holes that had formed in the pot. Next, he heated some milk in a saucepan and melted sugar into it. Once it cooled, he added one whisked egg, then he stirred gently to avoid making bubbles. He greased the earthenware pot with butter, then scraped the egg mixture in with a clean towel. But this was where it got tricky. He had to put the lid on, then let it simmer for ten to fifteen minutes. He placed a net over the stove and laid the pot on top of it, but he had no faith in his ability to regulate the fire.

ttt“So how am I going to…? Huh? Wait, this works?”

tttIt appeared that the earthenware pot Elisabeth had made was incredibly heat tolerant. Even though the stove was blazing hot, the amount of heat the pot was receiving was the exact right temperature to simmer the mixture. The rest was up to luck.

tttend